Rule book:
-------------------------------------------------------Chapter 01--------------------------------------------------------------
  1. Never nest comments inside of other comments
  2. Initialize your variables
  3. Don't forget to include paretheses while making a function call
  4. Names used for function parameters or variables declared in a funcation body are only visible within the functions that declares them
  5. When addressing compile errors in your programs, always resolve the first error produced first
  6. hen you use an identifier in a namesparce, you always have to identify the namespace along with the identifier
  7. Use angled brackets to include header files that come with compiler. Use double quotes to include any other header files
  8. Each .cpp file should explicitly #include all of the header files it needs to compile
  9. Use the non .h version of a library if it exists, and access the functionality through the std namespaces. If the non .h version does not exist, or your are creating your own headers, use the .h version.
-------------------------------------------------------Chapter 02--------------------------------------------------------------
  10. Favour direct initialization over copy initialization
  11. If you are using a C++11 compatible compiler, favour uniform initialization
  12. Always initialize your variables, or assign a value to them as soon as possible after defining them
  13. Avoid defining multiple variables on a single line if initailizing any of them
  14. Define variables as close to their first use as you reasonably can
  15. Use an empty parameter list instead of void to indicate no function parameters are expected
  16. Favour signed integers over unsigned integers
  17. Do not depend on the results of overflow in you program
  18. Be careful when using integer division, as you will lose any fractional parts of the result
  19. Favour double over float unless space is at a premium, as the lack of precision in a float will often lead to inaccuracies
  20. Don't use magic numbers in your code (magic numbers are literals without context)
  21. Any variable that should not change values after initialization should be declared as const (or constexpr)
  22. Avoid using #define to create symbolic constants, use const varialbes to provide a name and context for your magic numbers instead
  23. Favour pre-increment and pre-decrement over post-increment and post-decrement. The prefix versions are not only more preformant, you are less likely to run into strange issues with them
  24. Don't use a variable that has a side effect applied to it more than once in a given statement. If you do, the result is undefined
  25. Avoid using the comma operator, except within for loops
  26. Only use the conditional operator for simple conditionals where it enhances readability
  27. If logical NOT is intended to operate on the result of other operators, the other operators and their operands need to be enclosed in parenthesis
  28. It's a good idea to always use parenthesis to make your intent clear - that way, you don't even have to remember the precedence rules
  29. When dealing with bit operators, use unsigned integers
  30. Avoid using nested variable with the same names as variables in an outer block
  31. Define variables in the smallest scope possible
  32. Avoid "using" statements outside of a function
  33. Avoid const casts and reinterpret casts unless you have a very good reason to use them
  34. Avoid C_style casts
  35. If reading numberic values with std::cin, it's a good idea to remove the extraneous newline using std::cin.ignore()
  36. (Best practise) Don't assign specific values to your enumerators
  37. Don't assign the same value to two enumerators in the smae enumeration unless there is a very good reason
  38. Favour type aliases over typedefs if your compiler is C++11 compatible
  39. If defining variables used in a case statement, do so in a block inside the case (or before the switch if appropriate)
  40. Avoid use of goto statements unless necessary
  41. Always use signed integers for your loop variables
  42. Test your loops with known inputs that cause it to iterate 0, 1, and 2 times
  43. Error handling:
      a) Could extraction fail?
      b) Could the user enter more input than expected?
      c) Could the user enter meaningless input?
      d) Could the user overflow an input?
  44. Testing:
      a) Compile often, and test any non-trivial functions when you write them
      b) Ensure your testing hits every statement in the function
      c) Test each of your branches such that they are true at least once and false at least once
      d) Use the 0, 1, 2 test to ensure your loops work correctly with different number of iterations
      e) Test different categories of input values to make sure your unit handles them properly
